No.1
Name: Ghost 100% Whey Protein 2lb
Price:$60.21
Description: Ghost 100% Whey Protein packs a big protein punch that your body will welcome, 
thanks to a soy-free, gluten-free and delicious tasting formula. 
Ghost makes full disclosures about each of the proteins active ingredients,
so you know exactly what you are putting into your body.

Key features to know about Ghost Whey Protein:

Ghost Whey is a 100% whey protein blend containing whey protein isolate,
 concentrate and hydrolysate in every scoop. Each scoop of Ghost Whey replenishes your body with 26g of protein.*
Whey protein is a naturally gluten-free option. Ghost Whey is also soy-free.
If you need a lean protein, Ghost Wheys low fat and carb formula will help meet your weight loss and lean muscle growth targets.
The protein contains natural digestive enzymes that aid 100% absorption and allow your body to take full advantage of the high-quality protein powder.
Love the taste of cereal milk? Ghost Whey delivers the wholesome and familiar flavour of cereal milk.
Ghost Whey can be used to make smoothies or incorporated into baked dishes, oats and pancakes.
Although whey is best taken within an hour of completing your workout,
 there is no hard and fast rule about when you can consume it.
 Ghost Whey makes a good breakfast snack, post-workout drink and before bedtime drink.
 You can use it in your daily diet at any time during the day.
You won't find Ghost Whey on a list of amino spiking protein supplements.
 When in doubt, refer to the label that tells you everything transparently.
*According to the American College of Sports Medicine and the British Nutrition Foundation and many sports nutritionists,
 weight lifters don't need more than 25g of protein to stimulate the muscles ability to grow. 
However, the recommended amount of protein will depend on your individual goals, age, weight, medical history and other factors.

Directions: Mix up to 2 scoops with 300-360ml cold water once per day. Adjust the amount of liquid to achieve your desired consistency.

No.2
Name: Musashi High Protein Chocolate 2kg
Price: $76.49
Decription: Scientifically formulated to be high in protein for muscle recovery, MUSASHI HIGH PROTEIN contains quality protein sources in a delicious tasting shake. 
Combining instantised whey protein concentrate, whey protein isolate and milk protein solids, each serve delivers 30 grams of quality protein to help reach your training goals.
General Information
Scientifically formulated to be high in protein for muscle recovery, MUSASHI HIGH PROTEIN contains quality protein sources in a delicious tasting shake.
 Combining instantised whey protein concentrate, whey protein isolate and milk protein solids, each serve delivers 30 grams of quality protein to help reach your training goals.
Warnings
Contains: Milk, Soy Products
Ingredients
Musashi Bulk Protein Blend (65%) [Whey Protein Concentrate, Skim Milk Powder, Whey Protein Isolate, Whole Milk Powder, Emulsifiers (Soy Lecithin, Sunflower Lecithin)], Maltodextrin, Dextrose, Cocoa Powder, Vitamins & Minerals (Dicalcium Phosphate, Dipotassium Phosphate, Magnesium Carbonate, Zinc Gluconate, Ferric Pyroosphate, Maltodextrin, Sodium Ascrobate, Vitamin E Acetate, Nicotinamide, Vitamin A Acetate, Vitmain D3, Vitamin B12, Potassium Iodide, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B2, Vitamin B1, Folic Acid), Flavours, Vegetable Gum (Guar Gum), Sweetener (Sucralose), Acidity Regulator (Citric Acid)

Directions:
When taking P High Protein as a post-exercise protein shake to support your recovery, aim to consume within 30 minutes of completing exercise to help maximise effectiveness.


No.3
Name:Muscle Matrix - 60 vcaps (25mg per capsule)

Muscle Matrix builds lean muscle and gives that sculpted chiselled look.

Price:$109
Description:
Muscle Matrix is an excellent Supplement for the reduction of glucocorticoid hormones, commonly referred to as stress hormones.
 While glucocorticoids are necessary for our health in small amounts, they will promote fat gain as well as destroy muscle tissue.

Muscle Matrix is a proprietary peptide amino acid blend that counteracts this problem and supports steady lean muscle growth while burning fat for energy.

You may experience an increase in Strength, Vascularity and Enhanced Focus while using this supplement. This product effectively builds lean hard muscle and gives you that sculpted chiselled look.
Key Benefits

● Improved Athletic Performance
● Increase in Lean Muscle Mass
● Significantly Reduces Body Fat
● May support healthy blood sugar and reduce hunger cravings
● Effective when used regularly and consistently

* Please note this product is not WADA approved and may be classified as a Performance Enhancing Supplement. Product half-life is 9 hours and it may take up to 3 weeks to be clear from your system.

Ingredients

Proprietary Blend of Essential Amino Acids, pH Balanced Creatine Ethyl Ester, L-Carnitine and L-Arginine Blend.

No artificial flavours, additives or preservatives. 100% gluten and dairy-free. Suitable for vegans.

Directions of Use

Take 1 capsule first thing in the morning and 1 capsule before 30 minutes before training. If you train early morning, take the second capsule in the mid-afternoon.

No.4
Name"Scream Supps PINHEAD 1 Serve Sample
Price:$3.96
Description:
Pinhead is a super-intense pre-workout supplement, to help you get the most from your workouts. But be warned - this extreme formula isn't suitable for the faint-hearted!

Assault your body with this potent blend of cutting-edge ingredients and experience exhilaration, as you've never felt from a pre-workout before.

Pinhead is made with all sorts of highly-concentrated, active ingredients such as Beta-Alanine, Taurine, Creatine, Caffeine and Tyrosine - and thanks to its immediate surge of energy,
 this stuff is perfect for the serious gym-junkies out there!

Specially designed for high-intensity exercises, such as running, skipping, stair-climbing and HIIT training. 
Dial-up the power, push through the pain and smash out your fitness goals with your new favourite and incredibly explosive, pre-workout supplement.

KEY BENEFITS OF PINHEAD PRE-WORKOUT
Experience increased blood flow to the muscles for enhanced muscle-building
Absorb nutrients faster and more efficiently
Push yourself to the limit thanks to increased exercise capacity
Boosted mental clarity and focus
Elevate your mood and prepare to tackle any workout!
Sick of brain fog and lack of concentration? The mad scientists at Scream Supps haven't mucked around with this intimidating blend. 
Experience hyper-focus and mental clarity for fierce results in the gym!

Grab a tub of Pinhead Pre-Workout in one of many thirst-quenching flavours, such as Pineapple, Green Apple, Orange Mango or Strawberry Kiwi and destroy your next training session.

Only for the brave. Get Pinhead today and unleash your inner beast!

DIRECTIONS FOR USE
Mix 1 scoop of Pinhead pre-workout with 300ml of water. Consume 30 minutes before training.

Warning: Do not exceed more than 1 scoop per day. Not intended to be consumed by anyone under the age of 18. 
If you are taking any medication or have any underlying health concerns, please consult with your doctor before taking this product.

SCREAM SUPPS
Scream Supps are an NZ owned and operated brand. Their brand-new and phenomenal pre-workout supplement, Pinhead, is made in the USA by top nutritional experts.

No.5
Name: NIVERSAL ANIMAL ENERGY 60 CAPSULES
Price: $29
Description:
Animal Energy is a single capsule that brings fast energy, focus and mood!

Whether you’re training 1-2 hours and need to be at your peak or just need a pick-me-up on off days to get things done, you may need a lift every now and then. 
For those times when you need clean energy, enhanced focus and mood without a crash, check out Animal Energy. 
With its convenient 1-capsule dose, Animal Energy is simple to use yet powerful. Animal Energy’s unique 2-Stage delivery system provides both quick and lasting effects. 
Our product can help you when you need to be strong and help push you through days that feel long.

DIRECTIONS:
As a dietary supplement, consume one capsule as needed in any 24 hours period


No.6
Name:muscle building vitamins for men - stamina booster for men 
- BODYBUILDING PILLS FOR MEN - PREMIUM HERBAL SUPPLEMENTS - alpha lipoic acid complex - rhodiola rosea herb supplement - 1 Bottle 60 Capsules
Price:$39
Description:
BODYBUILDING PILLS FOR MEN: 
Our powerful formula will be beneficial for boosting performance and drive, muscle mass and stamina, testosterone level and disire. 
Also it promotes heart health and supports healthy cholesterol, mood and stress, suports weight loss and helps burn fat. 
This herbal complex contacins blend from: Tribulus Terrestris, DHEA, Tongkat ALi, Rhodiola Rosea, Alpha lipoic acid, Zinc, Vitamin B6 and more.

WORKOUT SUPPLEMENTS FOR MUSCLE GROWTH: 
The testosterone is responsible for increasing energy, strength, and muscle mass in a person.
 If you have more DHEA in the body, you will have more testosterone in the body. 
his means you will be able to increase your lean muscle mass and look more toned. Bodybuilders, in particular, will take DHEA supplements in addition to testosterone supplements in order to maximize their gains.

NATURAL METABOLISM BOOSTER: 
People often gain weight as they get older because their metabolism slows down. A huge benefit of DHEA is that it boosts the body’s metabolism. 
Since the metabolism is necessary for burning and absorbing calories, a fast metabolism will mean that more calories get burned.
 Of course, do not depend on DHEA supplements alone for losing weight because you still need to watch your caloric intake and exercise on a regular basis.

BODYBUILDING SUPPLEMENTS TESTOSTERONE: 
The most questionable benefit of tongkat ali is as a testosterone booster.
 Many people claim longjack is a test booster, but this is one claim that has the least evidence.
 One study showed a 46% increase in testosterone with tongkat ali, this was with men who were already low in testosterone.

No.7
Name:Cellucor C4 Original ID 60 Serves
Price:$68.90
Description:
About Supplements.co.nz Cellucor C4 Original ID

Explosive energy, heightened focus and an overwhelming urge to tackle any challenge...that's the C4 experience. Millions of people-ranging from beginners all the way up to the elite competitors, have relied on C4 pre-workout to help them turn their ambitions into achievements.

As America's #1 selling pre-workout, C4 Original lives up to its solid reputation with a classic formula for advanced energy, endurance, focus and pumps! But with a new bottle design and more delicious flavor options for you to choose from, you'll feel like it's your very first time experiencing the C4 pre-workout you know and love.

Whether you're just starting a fitness journey or you're striving to reach that next level, C4 Original will help you unlock your full potential.

Contains CarnoSyn Beta Alanine, an amino acid, which converts to a compound in your body called carnosine. It is the only patented and clinically studied form of beta-alanine that has been shown to support muscular endurance.

 

Key Elements:

1.6g CarnoSyn Beta-Alanine
1g Creatine Nitrate (NO3-T)
150mg Caffeine
1g Arginine AKG
 

Directions
Suggested Use: Take one serving (1 scoop) of C4 Original, mixed with 175ml of water 20-30 minutes before training. During your workout, 
it is recommended that you drink plenty of water or performance beverage such as Cellucor Alpha Amino to stay hydrated. Some individuals experience a harmless tingling sensation, 
which is attributed to beta alanine. USE ONLY AS DIRECTED.

Warning: THIS PRODUCT IS ONLY INTENDED FOR HEALTHY ADULTS, 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER. Do not use if pregnant, nursing, or currently taking PDE5 inhibitors or nitrates for chest pain. 
Do not take this product before consulting a licensed, qualified, health care professional if you are taking any other dietary supplement, prescription drug or over-the-counter medication; 
or if, you suspect you have or have been treated for, diagnosed with or have a family history of, any medical condition. 
This product contains caffeine and should not be used in combination with caffeine or stimulants from other sources. Discontinue use 2 weeks prior to surgery. 
Immediately discontinue use and contact a medical doctor if you experience any adverse reaction to this product. Do not use this product continuously for more than 8 weeks.
Do not use if safety seal is broken or missing. Store in a cool dry place. KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN. This product is sold by weight, not volume.
Some settling of powder may occur during the shipping and handling, which may affect density or powder. This product contains the servings indicated when measured exactly by weight.


No.8
Name:Rich Piana 5% Nutrition Freak Show
Price: $78.90
Description:
Rich Piana 5% Nutrition Freak Show transportiere die Energie zu deinen Muskeln und ermöglicht dir ein Training wie im Film. 
Freak Show von Rich Piana 5% Nutrition optimiert das anabole Hormon Insulin, um die Speicherung von Körperfett zu verhindern.
Es steuert den Blutzuckerspiegel und transportiert die Kohlenhydrate zu deinen Muskeln. Ganz nebenbei verspricht dir das Rich Piana 5% Nutrition Freak Show einen extremen Monster-Pump im Training.

 

180 Kapseln pro Packung
originale Rich Piana Formel
nutzt die Kraft des Insulins
brutaler Pump im Training
Made in USA

No.9
Name:Rich Piana 5% Nutrition Bigger By The Day Muscle Builder 90 capsules
Price: $77
Description:
Rich Piana 5% Nutrition Bigger By The Day Muscle Builder 90 capsules
Rich Piana 5% Nutrition Bigger By The Day is an all-natural muscle builder that is without a doubt the strongest formula of it’s kind on the market.
This is a formula that’s so hardcore, only 5% Nutrition could have created it!

When it comes to natural muscle builders, there’s a number of products currently available that like to brag about how hardcore they are. 
You’ve seen the ads and heard the hype. Enough of the garbage out there, we’ve all listened to it long enough and decided it was time to step in and show them how the big boys do it.
 5% Nutrition has defined the word ‘hardcore’ of the supplements world for years and has designed the most potent legal muscle builder on the market – Bigger By The Day!

We took the strongest legal, all-natural muscle building ingredients available and combined them into one incredible product, and we dared to make it stronger than any other product of its kind.

On your first two days, take 1 capsule with your first meal of the morning and 1 capsule with a light high protein snack before bed. On day three, increase to 1 capsule three times a day (with breakfast, lunch and dinner). 
Do not exceed more than 3 capsules per day.

